Rihanna's choreographer Tina Langdon has
created some of the most innovative
dance moves ever captured on video
having worked at dance divas like Janet
Jackson and JLo it's no surprise that
Tina knew she had another hit video on
her hand with Rihanna's Umbrella out of
all of the music videos you've core
graphed which one do you think has made
sort of the biggest impact whoo you know
I'd have to that's tough
gosh I have to say it was love either
love death
I think that one really got people off
their feet in the club zone and just
wanting to move
describe your style I think my style is
a combination of athleticism and
sensuality
there's actually a really great part in
Jennifer Lopez's first video if you had
my love where we did three completely
different sections one was house was
hip-hop and one was lat
so it kind of encompasses everything for
the average person what would you define
a choreographer as to me there's a lot
that goes into it it's not just making
up steps which I think technically in a
dictionary you might find that it's the
person creates the steps but you also
need to create the whole vision what's
really challenging is it's not the same
for everybody you have to take the
artists that you're working with into
perspective and figure out what works on
their body what works with their
personality what works with their music
and then how do you make a shell out of
that where do you find your inspiration
these days a God speaks to me constantly
because I'm constantly praying for
inspiration but really it comes from the
artists and their music it may sound the
same to other people if it's almost
different what would you say is the most
rewarding part of your job the most
rewarding part is when an artist comes
to me after performance and just says
thank you for for making this what I
needed it to be or what I wanted it to
be because at the end of the day it's
their music it's their face out there
it's not mine and when they're happy I'm
happy